so the first dance we're going to do is
a cha-cha cha-cha well it's it's
actually rather a lovely dance of course
it is I think all Latin dances are
fabulous but they're hard to learn and I
didn't really appreciate how hard to
learn now and our team goes over each
step each movement perfectly he's not
going to teach me just you know the
broad sketch and then make it right he's
making it right and then teaching me the
broad sketch I like the way our terms
teaching me I think he's very patient so
he's taking it step by step he's very
kind
he's got a very kind nature actually
occasionally I get though
what's that leg doing which makes me
laugh and he goes no that is better but
I I I'm very fond to him already
it's very good I think fern getting on
really well she actually got really
really nice feet she can point them and
her positions have really actually
aesthetically amazing some well chuffed
with that and she's picking up quite
fast I'm actually very very happy and
very excited
she's very flirtatious and she's funny
and she I don't you just make it look
effortless
I mean that's it it goes off to tens so
that's it rest of the dance just watch
the video
the biggest worry I have is for getting
the steps and making fool of myself
I am daunted about this early learning
bit because there is a lot to pack in
and to get into my brain I do think that
furred is a bit worried about dancing
for one minute in house but once you do
it a few times it actually relaxes you
because you realize that it just goes in
the second the biggest worry I have is
forgetting the steps and making a fool
of myself but then I guess it's the same
for everybody so I'm gonna have to try
and put that out of my head